Misc. feedback for november [HC-1438] (#314)
arduino/help-center-content: content/Software Support/Installation/Uninstall-Arduino-IDE.md

## Uninstalling the application

* **Windows:**
  * In Windows 10/11: Open the start menu and find the Arduino application. Right-click on it and select **Uninstall**.

>   * Alternatively, open Explorer and run `C:\Program Files\Arduino IDE\Uninstall Arduino IDE.exe`. Or if you're using Arduino IDE 1.x, `C:\Program Files (x86)\Arduino\uninstall.exe`.

Reviewer: This information isn't complete as is (because of the **All users** / **Only me** option). In this suggestion, instead of expanding on this point with additional information, I've linked a relevant artice.

```suggestion
  * Alternatively, [open the Arduino IDE installation folder in Explorer](https://support.arduino.cc/hc/en-us/articles/4412943340178-Open-the-Arduino-IDE-installation-folder#windows) and run the `Uninstall Arduino IDE.exe` (IDE 2) / `uninstall.exe` (IDE 1) executable.
```

Author: Good catch 👍
